richard had a collection of beautiful
paintings
one day while he was away his favorite
one
got stolen the police suspected one of
richard's neighbors
nicole said she had been out of town she
returned home
just an hour ago and was so tired after
a long drive
that she immediately went to bed dennis
said he had been getting ready to paint
his house
but since it didn't seem the rain would
stop anytime
soon he went to the movies instead julie
answered her sister had been feeling
unwell as why julie was busy looking
after her little nephew
who was lying
[Music]
it was nicole it had been raining for
the whole day
if the woman had returned home just an
hour ago
the road under her car would be wet
a wealthy businessman had two sons gary
and jeffrey
the loving father doted on his boys but
unfortunately
he had a lot of enemies who often
threatened to harm his sons
one day gary was rushed to a hospital he
had been poisoned
jeffrey scared out of his mind but
feeling okay
went with his brother when the
businessman arrived he asked jeffrey
what had happened
we were playing soccer and got awfully
thirsty
some man gave each of us a bottle of
water and we drank it all
but then how come gary is in a hospital
bed poisoned
while jeffrey is fine
the water the boys drank was okay the
poison covered the bottlenecks
unlike gary jeffrey didn't touch his
bottle with his lips while drinking
kyle has been caught by a mad professor
and
locked in a room with only one door and
no windows
is the scientist going to experiment on
the poor guy
kyle has to get out of there as soon as
possible
after searching the room he finds four
keys
on the door there are four key holes
with a number under each of them
kyle has to match the keys and keyholes
and there's hardly any time left
the professor's car has just stopped
near the house
[Music]
the digits on the door match the number
of the angles the geometric shapes on
the keys have
three people were stopped at the
security check of an international
airport
they were suspected of smuggling
different stuff out of the country
the first man was heading for a beach
resort in his suitcase
there were a lot of things needed at the
seaside an umbrella
a pair of sunglasses sunscreen and a
beach towel
the second man had a cage with three
colorful birds
and a pet carrier with a family of
hamsters he had all the necessary papers
the third man was traveling for business
in his bag
he had a suit some documents a
toothbrush and toothpaste
and a bottle of expensive shampoo who's
the smuggler
[Music]
it's the third guy he's bald why would
he need shampoo
young fashion designer robert was
preparing for his first show
he was excited and a bit anxious so he
took a break to steady his nerves in a
quiet corner
but when it was time for him to present
his collection
he was nowhere to be found in an hour or
so
a security guard saw him in the bathroom
lying on the floor
someone had hit him on the head the
police had three suspects
maya one of the models said she had had
problems with her dress
i didn't even have time to leave the
dressing room
catherine one of the guests answered she
was robert's huge fan
i've been wearing his clothes for years
why would i hit him
sam the designer's assistant said he had
rushed to the nearest coffee shop
to get robert an americano to calm him
down
can you figure out the culprit
[Music]
it was katherine that day it was
robert's first show then how could she
be wearing his clothes for years
ethan and his girlfriend ann went to
explore a cave and got lost
after some time they came across two
people
a man and a woman the man bearded and
rough looking
had a shovel in his hands i've been
stuck here for a week
i know how to get to the surface but i
need your help
come with me the young woman exclaimed
don't trust him he's a criminal
follow me i've been here longer than him
i know where the exit is
who should the guys believe
ethan and ann decided to follow the man
if the girl had been in the cave for
more than a week
why does she look so tidy and has fresh
flowers in her hair
mickey wakes up locked in a basement the
guy has no
idea how he got there probably through a
hatch in the ceiling
there are also three doors leading out
of the room
behind the first one there's a deep pit
with metal spikes at the bottom
the second door leads to a lake with
hungry piranhas
and behind the third door there are
crocodiles
suddenly the room starts to fill with
water which door should mickey choose to
escape
he should pick the first door once the
pit is filled with water
the guy will be able to swim over the
spikes
adam's car has gotten broken right in
the middle of a deserted forest road
but the worst thing it's winter snow
drifts are huge
and the wind is freezing cold adam has
to get to the nearest town
and fast but if he follows the first
path
he'll have to deal with hungry wolves
the second goes through the area
inhabited by
bears and if he takes the second road
he'll have to cross a river covered with
thin ice
which is the safest way
atoms should sneak through the bears
territory these animals sleep in the
winter
lauren has cooked 10 buckets of chicken
wings for a family gathering
one for each guest but later it turns
out little jimmy has been left without
his portion
someone has taken two buckets is it
uncle patrick
he looks suspicious or maybe lauren's
son
justin he's wearing this creepy knowing
smile
or could little jimmy himself hide his
chicken wings in his bag with toys to
get another portion
look at the dog it wouldn't leave uncle
patrick's side
it can smell the meat the man has hidden
look at these two girls in their fridges
one of them has never had enough money
until recently
when she won the lottery which girl is
that
it's the girl on the left high heels a
flashy dress
and a fridge filled to the brim she
looks like a person who has finally
managed to get their hands on some big
money
lisa was a millionaire's daughter she
was fed up with her dad trying to
control her life
after he told her one day he'd found a
fiance for her
she decided to run away from home she
took enough money and the most discreet
car
she could find in the garage and left
the girl knew
her father would send his people to
bring her back
that's why she never stayed in one hotel
for more than one night
one day she found herself in a small
town
it was getting dark and she had no
choice but to stop at the first hotel
she saw
the receptionist said her room number
was 710
and offered to show her where it was
lisa immediately grabbed her bag
ran out of the hotel jumped in the car
and sped away
[Music]
why
the first digit of a hotel room number
usually means the floor it's on
room 710 is supposed to be on the
seventh floor
but the hotel only has two floors
[Music]
a little girl walks through the park and
spots a hungry cat
she decides to share her sandwich with a
poor animal
unfortunately there's a stream between
her and the kitty
she squats down to attract the cat's
attention and shows it the food
in no time the animal is next to it
there's no bridge over the stream
and the cat isn't soaked how is it
[Music]
possible
it's winter and the stream's frozen